---
title: fendi
permalink: /fendi/
layout: post
cover: img/fendi.jpg
goal: fendi projects where i worked on
---

<h2>brief</h2>
<p>here i choose to describe some of the fendi projects where i worked on since 2017 in qwentès.</p>
<p>for privacy propose i cannot show pictures or mock-up of the projects.</p>

<h2>heaven app</h2>
<p>heaven is an application used from fendi employees to sell retail products in store.</p>
<p>there are different type of users. based on their importance, they have access to different sections of heaven. the users are, in order of important:</p>
<li>store manager: person in charge of the store</li>
<li>assistant store manager: assistance of the store manager</li>
<li>customer assistance: normal employee</li>

<p>the main goal of heaven is to sell fendi products, but there are many secondary features developed in the app. some of these are:</p>
<li><b>wishlist:</b> possibility of send a wishlist of products or communication tools to a client, with the possibility to choose if is a pre or post visit to the store.store</li>
<li><b>product catalogue:</b> all the products sellable in a specific store</li>
<li><b>showroom insider:</b> possibility to rate a product that is new or coming soon</li>
<li><b>customer section:</b> list of editable clients registered in heaven</li>
<li><b>switch store:</b> possibility to change the store, e. i. an employee go to work in another store provisory</li>
<li><b>pick up in store:</b> if a product is not in stock, is possible to order and track it until this arrive in store</li>
<li><b>communication tools:</b> selection of magazine, articles or shooting related to fendi</li>

<p>heaven is an application for ios, used principally on iphone, but also ipad.</p>
<p>is a (single page application), and i helped qwentès to develop the frontend app of heaven. we used angularjs + cordova technologies, because heaven is an hybrid application.</p>
<p>main goal is to move heaven from angularjs to angluar 2+, js framework modern and that scale well with large applications. the challenge will be interesting because we will not stop the new features, but we need to do it parallel with it.</p>

<h2>heaven admin</h2>
<p>admin is the cms (content management system) di heaven.</p>
<p>the request of fendi was to have a product super customizable, and since heaven is a project with a high complexity, in qwentès we decide to create a custom cms to manage the content of the app.</p>
<p>basically each section of the application is managed by a relative section on the cms, besides exists a system for the user profiling, based on the geography.</p>
<p>heaven admin is a spa as well, developed in angularjs, but it is a website and not an application installed on a device.</p>

<h2>heaven light</h2>
<p>heaven light, as the name suggest, is the light version of heaven app.</p>
<p>it is used mainly as a catalogue of all the products of fendi. in fact this application shown the same information of heaven for the product section, but is not possible finalize a purchase.</p>
<p>heaven light is a spa as well, developed in angularjs, but it is a website and not an application installed on a device.</p>

<h2>mto events</h2>
<p>heaven is for sure the main and the more complex project where i worked for fendi, but is not the unique.</p>
<p>fendi sometimes organize events around the world to sell made to order products, and for this purpose we developed an application called mto events.</p>
<p>this application is divided in two views:</p>
<li>the <b>order</b> view, where the user, a fendi employee, can insert the data of the client and a set of customizations that the customer wants in his product, included a sketch of the result of the product</li>
<li>the <b>list</b> view, that is a list of orders that the user can send to the production to made.</li>
<p>mto events is an angular app, that call a backend service to have the customization values for the order and to send the orders to the production.</p>
